docs(xmlupload): better explanation of permissions (DEV-969) (#196)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: docs/dsp-tools-xmlupload.md

- `<permissions>` (optional)
- `<resource>`

## Describing permissions with &lt;permissions&gt; elements

The DSP server provides access control for each resource and each field of a resource through permissions. For a
thorough explanation of the permission and access system of the DSP platform, see
[DSP platform permissions](https://docs.knora.org/02-knora-ontologies/knora-base/#permissions).

It is optional to define permissions in the XML. If not defined, default permissions are applied, so that only project and 

> system administrators can view and edit resources. All other users have no rights at all, not even `RV`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system administrators can view and edit resources. All other users have no rights at all, not even view or restricted view permissions.
```

The following access rights are defined by the DSP platform:

> - (no right): If no permission is defined for a certain group of users, these users cannot view any resources/values.

Reviewer: Adding this makes it much clearer now!

  </permissions>
  
  <permissions id="prop-restricted">
    <allow group="KnownUser">RV</allow>
    <allow group="Creator">CR</allow>
    <allow group="ProjectAdmin">CR</allow>
  </permissions>
  ...
</knora>
```

### How to use the `permissions` attribute in resources/properties

Based on the permissions section of the above example, there are different ways how to grant permissions to a resource
and its properties. It is important to note that a resource doesn't inherit its permissions to its properties. Each 

> property must have its own permissions. So, in the following example, the bitstreams don't inherit anything from their 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
property must have its own permissions. So, in the following example, the bitstreams don't inherit the permissions from their 
```

> - `permissions`: ID or a permission set (optional, but if omitted, very restricted default permissions apply)

Author: @irinaschubert Here I am not certain what "ID or a permission set" means. I know only one possibility of adding a permission, but here it sounds if it were 2 possibilities...
